1.23.5 release notes (#16234)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.23.x/announcing-1.23.5/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.23.5
linktitle: 1.23.5
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.23.5 patch release.
publishdate: 2025-02-13
release: 1.23.5
---

This release contains bug fixes to improve robustness. This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.23.4 and Istio 1.23.5

{{< relnote >}}

## Changes

> - **Fixed** a bug where mixed cases Hosts in Gateway and TLS redirect results in stale RDS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** a bug where mixed-case Hosts in Gateway and TLS redirect resulted in stale RDS.
```

  ([Issue #49638](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/49638))

> - **Fixed** a bug where Ambient `PeerAuthentication` policies were overly strict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where ambient mode `PeerAuthentication` policies were overly strict.
```

  ([Issue #53884](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/53884))

> - **Fixed** a bug in Ambient (only) where multiple STRICT port-level mTLS rules in a `PeerAuthentication` policy would effectively result
> in a permissive policy due to incorrect evaluation logic (AND vs. OR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** a bug in where multiple STRICT port-level mTLS rules in an ambient mode PeerAuthentication policy would effectively result
in a permissive policy due to incorrect evaluation logic (AND vs. OR).
```

  ([Issue #54146](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/54146))

> - **Fixed** non-default revisions controlling gateways lacking istio.io/rev labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** non-default revisions controlling gateways lacking `istio.io/rev` labels.
```

  ([Issue #54280](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/54280))

> - **Fixed** a bug where access log order instability is causing connection draining.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue where access log order instability caused connection draining.
```

  ([Issue #54672](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/54672))

> - **Fixed** a bug where Istiod sending an incompatible access log format to <1.23 proxies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** a bug where Istiod would send an incompatible access log format to <1.23 proxies.
```
